faster is
first of all the place where all the sas
tech companies come together saster is
the world's largest community for cloud
and sas founders and executives and we
try to help the next generation of
founders get from 100 million easier i
miss this i just connected with a whole
panel of cmos from unbelievably
successful companies it's been a long
two years of being remote great audience
cloud vendors startups scale-ups tons of
ceos cmos and fantastic entrepreneurs
it's fun for us because a lot of the
sponsors here are actually on our site
so it's really fun to interact with all
of our customers and the whole point of
our lounge is to just show them how much
we appreciate them and have some fun
i never expected so many sas companies
here you have to be as good as you can
get and part of that is learning from
the best and they have such a solid line
of speakers stand on the shoulders of
giants right
yeah
[Music]
i'm really excited to meet others so
networking is a big goal for me getting
our company name out there for a small
a growing company one that we learned is
we can actually grow bigger and stronger
together as opposed to being siloed and
separated
it's been a great experience i love the
setup that's outside collaborative
sastra is a very unique and vibrant
community and it's a place where i learn
a lot i get a lot of energy and have a
chance to meet and spend time with great
people you know at the end of the day we
just want to connect with people have a
good time and then you need to listen to
the wonderful talks being given
like on pricing today at 10 15.
the opportunity for growth for new ideas
to go and bring them to an event has
never been greater coming back for 2022
we have some great things ahead and
broad visions for the future we are
assassinated we are faster
we are saster we are faster
[Music]
to see